rel: prep for release of 1.21 (#668)
honeycombio/refinery: RELEASE_NOTES.md

While [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) contains detailed documentation and links to all of the source code changes in a given release, this document is intended to be aimed at a more comprehensible version of the contents of the release from the point of view of users of Refinery.

## Version 1.21.0

This is a small release with mostly bug fixes and minor changes related to Stress Relief Mode. 

### Fixes for Stress Relief 

This update includes many small changes geared at making Stress Relief Mode work better. 
- Hostname is now annotated when Stress Relief is active. 
- Stress Relief Mode can now only be activated when CacheOverrunStrategy is set to "impact" since it is not compatible with "legacy".

> - The `Stop()` function was removed from Stress Relief Mode since it was causing confusing crashes in production. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Stop()` function was removed from Stress Relief Mode; it wasn't needed and was causing confusing errors. 
```

### General Bug Fixes 

There were other small changes to other parts of refinery. 
- Systemd `Alias=` directive was replaced with `WantedBy=` directive which is more in line with best practices. 

> - Late spans are now only decoreated when `AddRuleReasonToTrace` is set. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Late spans are now only decorated when `AddRuleReasonToTrace` is set. 
```

> - Some potential fixes for flaky tests were added. We are waiting to see if these changes are significant. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some potential fixes for flaky tests were added. 
```
